JPC-RR quick installation instructions:

1) Ensure you have JDK6 installed, if not, install it (no, JRE or JDK5 is
not sufficient)

2) Compile the source. './build.sh' (Unix) or 'build' (windows).

3) Get BIOS/DOS disk images. Original JPC source code
(http://www-jpc.physics.ox.ac.uk/download_download.html) is good place
to rip those from. They are files bios.bin, vgabios.bin and floppy.img.

4) Change directory to top of source tree.

5) Launch the emulator

'java JPCApplication -library disklibrary -autoexec assemble.bat'

disklibrary is directory where disk images are found and stored
(if it doesn't exist, it will be created).
assemble.bat contains reasonable set of initialization commands.

If you run emulator from directory other than the source tree, then:

-Set CLASSPATH to '<directory-jpcrr-source-is>:.' (Unix) or
'<directory-jpcrr-source-is>;.' (Windows)
- Replace 'disklibrary' with path to library directory.
- Replace 'assemble.bat' with path to corresponding file.

First time you start, you may get complaint about being unable
to find BIOS image. Just dismiss it.

5) Convert the images:

Import BIOS image: Select File -> Import Image and input

Image Name: BIOS
Image File: <path-to-bios.bin>
Image Type: BIOS image

Then hit "import". Pop-up should say that image was imported.

Then same thing for VGABIOS, this time values are:

Image Name: VGABIOS
Image File: <path-to-vgabios.bin>
Image Type: BIOS image

Import FreeDOS image, values are:

Image Name: FreeDOS
Image File: <path-to-floppy.img>
Image Type: Floppy disk
Standard geometry: Checked

Note that BIOS should be named 'BIOS' and vgabios should be named
'VGABIOS' as those are the defaults for main system BIOS / VGA BIOS.

If the boot floppy is oddly sized, you may have to specify geometry
manually.

6) Grab game files and make images out of these:

File -> Import image and fill the form. The image file may be directory.

I use 16 sides,63 sectors,16 tracks if game fits into that (it provodes
~8MB space). If it doesn't then bump tracks to 128 (~64MB) or even 1023
(~512MB).

The emulator should now be set up (File->Assemble)

7) To relaunch the emulator, use the same command as in 4)

'java JPCApplication -library disklibrary -autoexec assemble.bat'

Replace parameters with appropriate values if needed (and set CLASSPATH
if needed, see 4)).

Hints:

- DOSIDLE interferes with emulator. Either skip autoexec.bat coming
on FreeDOS that comes with JPC or confirm line by line and leave
that out.
- Putting the HD as HDD (4th hard drive) avoids BIOS having to timeout
HDD, speeding up boot.
